hello my dear subscribers today I wanted
to share my tips of learning English
language I know that many of you dream
of having a great English language
without your accent and believe me this
was my dream for many many years and
I've struggled to learn things I've
struggled to learn the accent and today
I wanted to share my most effective tips
that I've used to learn English language
now the first thing you have to have a
very specific goal like getting into
foreign university or getting a job with
an English language employer but I know
on different stages of our lives we
don't have this specific goals and the
target is to make learning English your
life style and you can do it by doing
many different things like the first
thing you can do which is super easy
it's just set your iPhone or your
Android or whatever phone you're using
to english language so you will see all
of those English words every day during
your life like send a message watch a
video everything should be in English
and maybe you would think oh I know all
of all of those basic words but really
you would meet so many nuances that you
would remember and that would you know
stick to your memory and you would be
able to use them later the second thing
you need to do is surround yourself by
English I know this is very different
difficult because I'm from Russia and
not many people speak English here and
it's not like for example Finland
Finland I think everybody speaks perfect
English Finnish people are watching me
how did you do that guys that's amazing
but in Russian nobody speaks good
English like there are some people but
it was very difficult to surround myself
with English language but now in the
years of media and technology we have
YouTube and this is the best thing you
can do like switch on a YouTube blogger
speaks English and the best thing to do
is maybe select a YouTube blogger who is
coming from your country because he
would still have this slight accent out
like I have slight Russian axe
and it would be easier for you to
understand him or her and it was it
would also motivate you because you
would see the person from the same
background and you would see him you
know speaking English language without
an accent so I watched vitalyzdtv he's
from Russia but he films in English and
probably you guys know him because he's
a prankster and he does a lot of pranks
and well he's amazing like I hear from a
russian-speaking background please watch
his video and another thing you can do I
know
while all of us have internet and you
can watch news on the internet if you
like American English watch CNN you can
also read their articles it's not
necessary that you only watch the videos
for British English watch BBC and I know
some people think that news produced by
their own country might be a little
biased like maybe there is propaganda
involved and this I think this is a good
motivation to watch news in English
language because you would get a
different view on what's happening in
your country and what's happening in the
world and I know for many countries this
is a problem so do that just watch news
in English but make sure that you also
understand that CNN news are you know
kind of influenced by American culture
and BBC news are influenced by British
culture but having a video playing on
the background for example I'm watching
English language YouTube bloggers when
I'm washing up when I'm cooking
something you know it's not necessary
that I listen to every single word that
they say but I have this you know
English language background and it
really helps another thing you can do
listen to English language songs and I
know this is the easiest part because
all of us listen to I don't know who's
the most popular now Justin Bieber I
know many of you hate him but you know
Justin Bieber Britney Spears you know
all of those names pink whatever you
like
there is Radio one in the United States
I love their music I listen to it every
time in the car and they have like the
best hits you can stream it online or
you could you know down
little English language songs to your
phone but also make sure that you read
the lyrics before you listen to them or
maybe like listen to them for a couple
of times and then read the lyrics and
then go back to the soul and you will be
amazed how many things you understand
because when you first listen to the
song what your ears if it's an English
rap song you would hear doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo you wouldn't get what they
say but after you read the lyrics those
doo doo doo doo doo um sounds would make
sense would make more sense anyways you
would get a couple of words and these do
that and if you want more details on how
to learn English using songs please use
the link below to see how I do that and
how fast language schools all over the
world do it also remember that we live
in a digital age and there are so many
things you can do online like the most
basic things Google Translate when
you're translating a word from English
to your own language please make sure
you also listen to how this word is
pronounced to English because memory is
not only our brain memories also are you
know
eyes ears our senses and when you hear
the word as well you would make greater
progress in remembering it the second
thing you can do using Google is when
you googling a word try to google it in
images you know there is a special
section in Google called images and if
you google for word there you will get
pictures and you know icons of that word
and that would help you remember the
word I also use stickers like this is
one of the best methods you can do like
place a sticker to different objects in
your apartment like sofa lab bed if
you're watching this video you probably
know all of those basic words but try a
kitchen like do you know what buckwheat
is or oatmeal or I don't know whole
grain bread you know all of those very
specific things that you would need when
you come to the States or come to Great
Britain to explain where you will for
breakfast you have to know those words
so just use your kitchen as a place
where you also learn
like I use containers for grades and I
just sign them with the words that I
need to know another thing you can do
our brain is really good at remembering
things in space and you can also use the
objects in your room for specific words
and it's not necessary to put the
sticker with a word window on your
window but you can put something like
admissions and then your brain would
remember that on window we had something
connected with getting into a university
and then hey admissions and this is
something you know many specialists are
working on right now like VR specialists
when you put this weird gear um on your
face and you use it to learn something
and they kind of put you into imaginary
room where you can see the objects or
like words placed on different objects
in the room so really use it in real
life place different words all over the
place
also there are a lot of apps that you
can use to learn English duolingo is one
of the best which is basically for
beginners there's easy 10 to learn just
words um there are a lot of YouTube
bloggers like me and if you like my
videos or are they YouTube bloggers who
you know just speak English and teach
you different very important stuff and
also when you download all the apps to
your iPhone or Android please make sure
that you have a specific screen for all
those apps so for example my first
screen when I open my phone I see this
and yeah I see all of the apps I use
everyday but my second screen is pretty
much clear I only have the apps that I
need to use and these are apps connected
with my work and you can do the same
with your English language apps so just
place them on a separate screen make
sure it comes second and also have no
more than six and when you're waiting
for somebody and
you know pick up your phone and try
using some apps you will see your target
you will see this empty screen with like
five or six apps for English and you
would basically use them to you know
spend your time waiting for something or
whatever I get a lot of questions from
people like what books would you
recommend to read and I would say if
your English is intermediate or print
immediate try children books like Iran
Jacqueline Wilson who is a British
author and she writes books for children
aged 12 to 14 and it's really easy to
understand them the plot is pretty much
you know basic and she uses a very
natural very easy words so please start
with her and I'll leave a couple of
links to her books on Kindle I think
I'll try and find them for you and the
second thing you can do is pick up a
book that was written by a guy who
speaks your language like who comes from
your culture and try and read his
English his book in English because
translation for you from your own
language to English would be simpler and
also it will use concepts that you kind
of understand so maybe that were also
bored for you but of course the best
thing is to pick up a book that really
really you know captivates your
attention and the one that you'll be
reading whatever happens and that would
really like for me this book is gone
girl this is an absolutely amazing book
and I enjoyed reading it and then I
watch the film and maybe what you could
do is wash your film first with English
subtitles in English and then read a
book it's amazing guys I think you would
like it it's a best-seller and everybody
in the world liked it so for what you
would also like it and the most
important thing it comes last and you
can forget what I said I'm just kidding
but right now will be the most important
things you have to talk to native
speakers and try to do that every day at
least for five minutes and I know an
amazing a company that does is actually
my company language show calm we help
you connect with a person who wants to
speak English line
and he can be located anywhere in the
world and all you need to do in order to
talk to him is just click a button and
you will be instantly connected to that
person and you will be able to speak
English to him and ask him how's he
doing today what is he do for living
what does he do during summer holidays
you know ask you whatever you want and
you can talk to him for one minute or
you can talk for 30 minutes it's really
up to you and please try and do that and
let me know what you think about that
service because I think it's a really
great thing to do and also you can hire
a Skype shooter who is also a native
speaker the difference between just
connecting with a person who wants to
speak English and you know studying with
a native speaker I mean the teacher
would be that the teacher would be
explaining your mistakes and he will
also give you some grammar and
vocabulary but also the price would be
higher but you know it's always good to
have feedback because when you're just
talking to a person I think they
wouldn't be correcting you the goal
would be just to make sure they
understand you and you know try and
travel to english-speaking countries try
and spend your vacation in countries
where people speak English or speak
English really well like Finland amazing
guys you can go to fill it and they
speak English all of them or it Sweden I
think Swedish people also really good at
languages but of course Great Britain
United States Canada Australia New
Zealand wherever you want to go Oh Malta
actually Malta is a small European
country where second native language is
English so try and go to Walter as well
and the best thing to do is you know
stay with the hosts stay in a host
family
you can book it by Airbnb or homestead
home or you can use language trip del
colle for booking language courses in a
country where language is spoken and
also booking a homestay and we also make
sure that host talks to you in in
English so you will have practice every
day so thank you guys for watching this
video I really want to hear if you knew
what works for you was the most
effective method for you to learn
English please leave it in the cold
below and I hope you enjoyed this video
and like it and subscribe and comment
thank you so much bye-bye
you